{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\})}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00);}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10780\viewh16580\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
Check the video and make a webpage that looks like and works as the one there.\
The video has sound.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Creating a link to an element inside a page (in this case the same page).
\f0\b0 \
<a href=\'94#element1\'94>link to element in page that has id \'94element1\'94</a>\
\'85 elements \'85\
<div id=\'94element1\'94>The link above will point to this element. It does not need to be a div tag, it can be any tag</div>\
\
For future use:\
<a href=\'94path/anotherPage.html#element1\'94>link to element \'94element1\'94 in another webpage</a>\
\
\
There\'92s a little bit of the css-file in place already. Use it. Also, all sizes must be derived from the custom properties.\
Most of the HTML-file is in place already. You may not change anything there. You need however to add the links inside the nav-bar.\
\
\
Notice that:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1)	}The title on top of the first image (Marc Chagall) is a text, not a part of the image. You need to make sure the text ends up there.\
{\listtext	2)	}The image is lighter than the image in the file. You are not allowed to change the image in the file (which would have been the sensible thing to do). Instead, use the CSS property \'94opacity\'94 to lighten it up.\
{\listtext	3)	}The images in the text are well aligned, no going over on the right hand side. (listen to the video)\
{\listtext	4)	}When we navigate to the anchors in the page the nav-bar is visible on top. And so is the heading (eg \'94Uppv\'e4xt och utbildning\'94).\
{\listtext	5)	}When we navigate to \'94Efterm\'e4le\'94 the title appears at the top, as all other titles.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
}