{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\})}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00);}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh16040\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Please follow these steps:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1)	}Use the index.html code. You are not allowed to make any changes to it. You are specifically NOT allowed to add classes or ids to it.\
{\listtext	2)	}Make it look like a grid. See image 1\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The width of the grid is 60vw.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Note that all cells are exactly square (height = width). Regardless of viewer width\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The font sizes depend on the height of the viewer (hv)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	3)	}As you can see each cell has a border, which results in the borders between cells being double. We do not want this. We want all borders to be simple. This can be fixed by giving the grid (main) a border and the cells only border right and bottom. The double-borders happen now on along the right and bottom borders of the grid. See Image 2. We don\'92t want that either, how can we avoid that?\
{\listtext	4)	}Center the grid and the title. Image 3.\
{\listtext	5)	}Color even and odd cells. Image 4.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Do it with only two new selectors (check the available pseudo-classes)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Do it with one new selector (think specificity!)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	6)	}Cells should change background-color to black when hovered (Image 4b) and to white while clicked on.\
{\listtext	7)	}Every time a cell is clicked the whole grid (main) gets a black border of width 
\f1\b 5vw
\f0\b0 . video1. Tip: If you click on an element, all its parents also \'94get the click\'94 (and become :active)\'85. all the way to <html>\
{\listtext	8)	}Why do you think that the whole grid becomes larger when we add a border to it? We haven\'92t changed the width! (Check your notes on box-model)\
{\listtext	9)	}We want to avoid that the grid becomes larger. It should take up as much space as before (including the border). video2.\
{\listtext	10)	}When we click on 13 it turns red, not white. video3.\
\
\
Hand in only the last css file, the one that contains all the steps.\
}